[EDU-6113] - AI Documentation update - 2025-01-24 - upstash rate limiting integration (#1472)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/rate-limiting-with-penalty.mdx

Upstash Rate Limiting is integrated with the `upstash/ratelimit` library and provides a global accounting of the rate limit, summing up all the requests received across the entire network, instead of counting separately for each edge location.

:::note

> **Important:** Azion does not develop custom functions. Users must create their own solutions or submit feature requests if they require additional functionalities such as randomized idle time in rate limiting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azion doesn't develop custom functions. Users must create their own solutions or submit feature requests if they require additional functionalities such as randomized idle time in rate limiting.
```
